Time to move on to the last aspect of our testing framework.
So in this section we're going to make sure that we can test a browser based javascript application.
Even though we are running some code based on no J.S. remember the whole issue here is that with no
JSA we do not have access to the browser.
So the question of how do we actually test a browser based javascript application starts to get really
kind of complicated because that browser based app is going to try to access the DOM use methods that
are built into the browser and so on so how are we gonna do this.
Well we're going to kind of cheat so to speak.
We're going to run a little library inside of our testing tool that is going to simulate a browser inside
of no J.S..
Let's take a look at the library that we're going to use to actually do this.
So I got gonna go back over to NPM J.S. dot com and I'll do a search for J.S. Dom and I'll find the
first results right here the Jamestown Project right here.
Essentially gives us a copy of a running browser inside of no us.
Now when I say a copy of a running browser it's not actually a browser per say.
There's not going to be any window that appears there is no actual window that pops up and shows web
pages or anything like that instead is a re-employment mission of a lot of the code that runs in the
browser.
And so when we make use of J.S. Dom we can pretend as though we have access to a browser even though
they're not is not actually a browser present so we're going to use Charleston to essentially load up
all the code for the application that we're trying to test once we load all that code up we can then
tried to mess around with some browser based code from a node environment.
I got to tell you using j system is just going to be a little bit complicated because we're going to
do some very specific setup.
We're going to make sure we set up G.S. Dom in such a way that we can very easily use it inside of our
testing framework.
So it is gonna revolve around a little bit of complicated code but at the end of the day it's going
to be pretty short overall like in other words not a lot of code just a little bit that is slightly
complicated that's all.
All right.
So now we understand how we're going to solve this issue of running a browser based application at the
terminal.
Let's take a pause right here.
We'll come back the next video.
We're going to install j system and start wiring it up inside of our project.